why does that seem all that name sound
so familiar Chad off topic what channel
it sound so familiar it does yes
that's kind of weird anyways let's play
um well anyways you guys lead the way
anyways um so one thing that we do for
hunger games just to kind of like get
the mood going and everything is that
we've seen some songs I don't know if
like you're up for that but it would be
appreciated if you are yeah really The
Hunger Games gods will actually help us
in the game if I ate already you're
gonna start singing the song I know I'll
doing it all right so I'm gonna seen it
and then you just seen after me okay
okay all right so I freaking love Matt
here follow me by the way I freaking
love minecraft hunger games it's the
best games i could ever play now you try
you're seeing better than I do just try
it would you like I always thought much
I always have my team members do this
yeah yeah mmm going next man Jared's up
next you got this maybe let me you got
any ideas a little bit more clear get in
the hole all right now sin so sing or I
will shoot you I don't know if you see I
just said it though remember all you
hear you can love minecraft hunger games
just in that it could mean anything
alright in this game I could ever play
hey for this game I could never play oh
yeah there you go that's that for some
damn symphony in it that is how you do
it all right now I got another song for
you and chaired you're up this know he
um starfall you're up this time again
okay so I shoot my bow in the air I jump
over that lava square I'm playing the
minecraft hunger games say that again I
shoot my bow in the air I jump over that
lava square I'm playing those minecraft
hunger games now sing it yeah Susie
astok Lee enthusiastically I forgot it
already oh no come on the air I shoot my
bone here jump over that lava square
keep over that wall of a square now pull
out the last time I lost seen it with
some passion though yeah those things I
shoot my bow in the air jump over that
lava square playing those minecraft
hunger games throw in the air just like
I just don't yeah where your hands like
you just don't care I shoot my bow in
the air I jump over that love square
there was a last long blade I'm playing
those minecraft hunger games all right
you did it let's go play some Hunger
Games know where your show yeah like you
just don't care his hands hahaha you
just lost on limited skating would want
to try it yet
more time